Document schematic `replacements` attribute (#12322)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

    * `rotation` can equal `"0"`, `"90"`, `"180"`, `"270"`, or `"random"`.
    * If the `rotation` parameter is omitted, the schematic is not rotated.
    * `replacements` = `{["old_name"] = "convert_to", ...}`

>       Optional. This allows you to replace nodes from the schematic with
>       some other node. It is a table in which each key (`old_name`) is the
>       original node name read from the schematic and each value
>       (`convert_to`) is the name of the node that will actually be placed.

Reviewer: I would suggest as short texts as possible to get to the point instantly.
```suggestion
      Optional. Node names specified by the key (`old_name`) within the table are
      replaced with the corresponding value (`convert_to`). Node groups are not supported.
```
